@tus/s3-store: add `s3ClientConfig` option (#370)
tus/tus-node-server: packages/s3-store/README.md

The server calculates the optimal part size, which takes this size into account,
but may increase it to not exceed the S3 10K parts limit.

#### `options.s3ClientConfig`

Options to pass to the AWS S3 SDK.
Checkout the [`S3ClientConfig`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/v3/latest/clients/client-s3/interfaces/s3clientconfig.html)

> docs for the supported options. Configuring your preferred method of authentication and region is required.

Author: ```suggestion
docs for the supported options. You need to at least set the `region`, `bucket` name, and your preferred method of authentication. 
```
